Actions Triggers: post-change-password - Event ObjectThe event object for the post-change-password Actions trigger provides contextual information about the newly created user.
  
    
      Property
      Description
    
  
  
    
      
        event.connection
      
      
        
          Details about the Connection that was used for the current
          transaction.
        
        Includes the following properties:
        
          
            id String.
            The connection's unique identifier.
          
          
            metadata Optional dictionary.
            Metadata associated with the connection.
          
          
            name String.
            The name of the connection used to authenticate the user (such as
              twitter or some-g-suite-domain).
          
          
            strategy String.
            The type of connection. For social connections,
              event.connection.strategy === event.connection.name.
              For enterprise connections, the strategy is
              waad (Windows Azure AD), ad (Active
              Directory/LDAP), auth0 (database connections), and so
              on.
          
        
      
    
    
      
        event.request
      
      
        Details about the request that initiated the transaction.
        Includes the following properties:
        
          
            geoip Object.Contains geographical information about the request.
            Includes the following properties:
            
              cityName Optional string.
              continentCode Optional string.
              countryCode Optional string.
              countryCode3 Optional string.
              countryName Optional string.
              latitude Optional number.
              longitude Optional number.
              subdivisionCode Optional string.
              subdivisionName Optional string.
              timeZone Optional string.
            
          
          
            hostname Optional string.
            The hostname that is being used for the authentication
              flow.
          
          
            ip String.
            The originating IP address of the request.
          
          
            language Optional string.
            The language requested by the browser.
          
          
            method String.
            The HTTP method used for the request
          
          
            user_agent Optional string.
            The value of the User-Agent header received when
              initiating the transaction.
          
        
      
    
    
      
        event.tenant
      
      
        Details about the Tenant associated with the current transaction.
        Includes the following properties:
        
          
            id String.
            The name of the tenant.
          
        
      
    
    
      
        event.user
      
      
        
          An object describing the user on whose behalf the current transaction
          was initiated.
        
        Includes the following properties:
        
          
            email Optional string.
            (unique) User's email address.
          
          
            email_verified Optional boolean.
            Indicates whether the user has verified their email
              address.
          
          
            last_password_reset Optional string.
            Timestamp indicating the last time the user's password was
              reset/changed. At user creation, this field does not exist. This
              property is only available for Database connections.
          
          
            phone_number Optional string.
            (unique) User's phone number.
          
          
            phone_verified Optional boolean.
            Indicates whether the user has verified their phone number.
          
          
            user_id Optional string.
            (unique) User's unique identifier.
          
          
            username Optional string.
            (unique) User's username.