Actions - Triggers - post-user-registration - API objectThe API object for the post-user-registration Actions trigger includes:
  api.cache
  Store and retrieve data that persists across executions.
  api.cache.delete(key)
  
    Delete a record describing a cached value at the supplied key if it exists.
  
  
    Returns a CacheWriteResult object with  type: "success" if a value was removed from the cache. A failed operation returns type: "error". For errors, the returned object will have a
    code property that indicates the nature of the failure.
  
  
    
      
        Parameter
        Description
      
    
    
      
        key
        
          String. The key of the record stored in the cache.
        
      
    
  
  api.cache.get(key)
  
    Retrieve a record describing a cached value at the supplied
    key, if it exists. If a record is found, the cached value can
    be found at the value property of the returned object.
  
  
    Returns a cache record if an item is found in the cache for the supplied
    key. Cache records are objects with a
    value property holding the cached value as well as an
    expires_at property indicating the maximum expiry of
    the record in milliseconds since the Unix epoch.
  
  
    Important:
    This cache is designed for short-lived, ephemeral data. Items may not be
    available in later transactions even if they are within their supplied their
    lifetime.
  
  
    
      
        Parameter
        Description
      
    
    
      
        key
        
          String. The key of the record stored in the cache.
        
      
    
  
  api.cache.set(key, value, [options])
  Store or update a string value in the cache at the specified key.
  
    Values stored in this cache are scoped to the Trigger in which they are set.
    They are subject to the
    Actions Cache Limits.
  
  
    Values stored in this way will have lifetimes of up to the specified
    ttl or expires_at values. If no lifetime is
    specified, a default of lifetime of 15 minutes will be used. Lifetimes may
    not exceed the maximum duration listed at
    Actions Cache Limits.
  
  
    
      
        Parameter
        Description
      
    
    
      
        key
        
          String. The key of the record stored in the cache.
        
      
      
        value
        
          String. The value of the record to be stored.
        
      
      
        options
        
          Optional object. Options for adjusting cache behavior.
        
      
      
        options.expires_at
        
          
            Optional number. The absolute expiry time in milliseconds
            since the unix epoch. While cached records may be evicted earlier,
            they will never remain beyond the the supplied
            expires_at.
          
          
            Note: This value should not be supplied if a value was also
            provided for ttl. If both options are supplied, the
            earlier expiry of the two will be used.
          
        
      
      
        options.ttl
        
          
            Optional number. The time-to-live value of this cache entry
            in milliseconds. While cached values may be evicted earlier, they
            will never remain beyond the the supplied ttl.
          
          
            Note: This value should not be supplied if a value was also
            provided for expires_at. If both options are supplied,
            the earlier expiry of the two will be used.